### No.26 Repeat Char
Implement the missing code, denoted by ellipses. You may not modify the pre-existing code.

To make debug output more understandable, you often separate sets of logs by a single line of the same character. Since you use this method very often, you'd like to write a function that would handle printing the separator.

Implement a function that, given a character ch and the number of times it should be repeated n, returns a string of n characters ch.

Example

For ch = '*' and n = 20, the output should be
repeatChar(ch, n) = "********************".

Input/Output

    [execution time limit] 4 seconds (py3)

    [input] char ch

    The character that should be repeated.

    [input] integer n

    The number of times the given character should be repeated.

    Guaranteed constraints:
    1 ≤ n ≤ 100.

    [output] string
        A string consisting of n characters ch.
```python
repeatChar = lambda ch, n: ch*n
```
### No.27 Get Points
Implement the missing code, denoted by ellipses. You may not modify the pre-existing code.

A new scoring system was introduced in your university: from now on, each test will consist of the predefined list of questions, and for the ith (1-based) question a student either gets i points, or loses p points as a penalty.

Your task is to calculate the number of points a student got for some test. Implement a function that would calculate the number of points received for the test based on the given list of answers.

Example

For answers = [true, true, false, true]and p = 2, the output should be
getPoints(answers, p) = 5.

Here's why: 1 + 2 - 2 + 4 = 5.

Input/Output

    [execution time limit] 4 seconds (py3)

    [input] array.boolean answers

    Array of student's answers. answers[i] is true if the student answered the (i + 1)th question correctly, and false otherwise.

    Guaranteed constraints:
    1 ≤ answers.length ≤ 20.

    [input] integer p

    The number of points subtracted from the final score for each incorrect result.

    Guaranteed constraints:
    0 ≤ p ≤ 10.

    [output] integer
        The number of points the student received for the test.
```python
def getPoints(answers, p):
    questionPoints = lambda i, ans: i + 1 if ans else -p

    res = 0
    for i, ans in enumerate(answers):
        res += questionPoints(i, ans)
    return res
```
### No.28 Sort Students
Implement the missing code, denoted by ellipses. You may not modify the pre-existing code.

You are given a list of students who want to apply to the internship at CodeSignal. For the ith student you know their full name students[i], which can consist of up to 5 words (where a word is a set of consecutive letters). It is guaranteed that the surname is always the last name of student's full name.

Your task is to sort the students lexicographically by their surnames. If two students happen to have the same surname, their order in the result should be the same as in the original list.

Example

For

students = ["John Smith", "Jacky Mon Simonoff", 
            "Lucy Smith", "Angela Zimonova"]

the output should be

sortStudents(students) = ["Jacky Mon Simonoff", "John Smith", 
                          "Lucy Smith", "Angela Zimonova"]

Input/Output

    [execution time limit] 4 seconds (py3)

    [input] array.string students

    Array of students, where each student is given by their full name consisting of at most 5 words. For each i students[i] consists of English letters and whitespace (' ') characters.

    Guaranteed constraints:
    1 ≤ students.length ≤ 30,
    1 ≤ students[i].length ≤ 50.

    [output] array.string
        Array of students sorted as described above.
```python
```
